tasks(eth/mmz) Mode, Metal, and Zora Mainnet key handover (#280)
ethereum-optimism/superchain-ops: tasks/eth/mmz-002-key-handover/README.md

Reviewer: I know it's not what we did for the sepolia task, but I find the `mmz-002` numbering confusing. I'd prefer `mmz-001`, but brought this up in [slack](https://oplabs-pbc.slack.com/archives/C06KERUPJ8H/p1722259970792649).

Reviewer: we decided to do nothing here.

# Mode, Metal, and Zora Mainnet's Key Handover Upgrade

> Status: READY TO SIGN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Status: DRAFT, NOT READY TO SIGN
```

In case this is merged before it has Foundation approval.

## Objective

> This is the playbook for executing the Key Handover upgrade on Mode, Metal, and Zora Mainnet.
> This updates the `ProxyAdminOwner` to the same `ProxyAdminOwner` multisig account as OP Mainnet account.
> This is the Optimism Foundation and Security Council's [2-of-2 multisig](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/superchain-registry/blob/d2a098074a5dc6a88f1951d1335c69c5b86970e4/superchain/configs/mainnet/op.toml#L33)

Reviewer: So wording nits:

```suggestion
This is the playbook for executing the Key Handover upgrade on Mode, Metal, and Zora Mainnet.
This updates the `ProxyAdminOwner` on those chains to be the same as the OP Mainnet `ProxyAdminOwner`,
that is the [2-of-2 multisig](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/superchain-registry/blob/d2a098074a5dc6a88f1951d1335c69c5b86970e4/superchain/configs/mainnet/op.toml#L33) jointly controlled by the Optimism Foundation and Security Council.
```
